[Music]
hello namaste
Salam alikoum sorry Cal welcome back to
another session with your washer at
whatever calm today we are going to take
one more journey with this Chinese
quizzing but this dish you will not find
in China or even in India this dish is
very popular in United States today we
are going to make general salt chicken
see I can't even pronounce it right it
is T as so I don't know what they call
but we will cook this this perfect so to
make this sauce is very easy all you
need to do is just take one cup of stock
to this stock add around two tablespoons
of soy sauce and one tablespoon of
hoisin sauce around one tablespoon of
sugar two tablespoons of rice vinegar
and the pinch of pepper just mix all
these ingredients in this particular
preparation we add more of sugar and the
consistency of the sauce should be like
honey okay first we will go ahead and
make a batter in which we are going to
dip this chicken and fry it's very easy
add few drops of soy sauce
well bit of egg white just take a whisk
and whisk it to this add around the half
a cup of form con la and mix it nicely
and bring it to a nice batter
consistency now this um this egg and soy
sauce mixture is ready all you do is add
your chicken to that and mix it nice
now if your batter is too thin what you
can do is you can add a little bit of
all-purpose flour you can take the
chicken and start fine
this method of data frame is much easier
but some people also use another method
what they do is they take constant
separately and their eggs separately
they dip the chicken in the cornstarch
and then in the egg and then again on
the constructs they do that thinking
that if you give a double coating of the
flour but when you do that method your
chicken will not get the color and you
will give white raises all over so I
always follow this method whichever one
you feel coming in for you you can go
ahead and follow that method and one
more thing is you should fry this
chicken in a medium heat
so that they get nicely cooked and you
get a nice color do not fry it in a hot
flame where the chicken is not cooked
inside
okay now General Tso's chicken all you
do is add some sesame seed oil and
little bit of red chili whole these
optional ingredients if you want to use
it you can add it add a little bit of
chopped garlic add a little bit chopped
ginger also this had your chicken and
add the mixture what you kept ready for
your general sauce if you want more
sauce you can add a little bit of this
mission if not you want it dry like the
restaurants time you can add a little
less and bring it to a nice ball once
the chicken absorbs little bit of the
juice make a small well add a little bit
of corn starch wow look at this
look at this how easy and simple it is
to make General Tso's chicken garnish it
a little bit of spring onion Wow look at
it
small
so dear friends what do you think is in
general sauce chicken very easy the most
important thing is if you want to add a
little bit of chilli sauce into your
sauce you can add it and make it as
spicy as you want so I hope you have
enjoyed to learn General Tso's chicken
with your wash up at Whatcom but
remember whatever is all about inspiring
others to cook so please post your
recipes and cooking tips so others can
benefit from
[Music]